Update Popup demo description (#499)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Popup/Overview/Angular/description.md

> The **Popup** UI component is a pop-up window that overlays the current view and displays specified content.

Reviewer: I want to try and make this more user-friendly - like we discuss in Talk. 

First of all, this is the first sentence and it's a "definition" - which is what we usually see in textbooks. So I wanted to try and avoid the explanation (especially since Popup is a pretty self-explanatory name). 

Another issue is "specified content". Phrases like that sound too technical, add passive voice, while we can be saying something like "you can display anything you want". But in this particular case, I'd rather leave this until the section that deals with the content. 

I also want to leave the "overlay" part out and come back to it later - in the "Show and Hide" section.

So here I'd just start with what people can do in the demo:

```suggestion
Click the Details button under an employee picture to see what a Popup widget looks like. In a Popup, note the title area with the close button. Try other ways to to hide the popup window - click outside of it or press ESC.
```

Reviewer 2: Should it be Close button instead of close button?

> This demo illustrates the following **Popup** use cases:    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's see how the demo configures this Popup widget.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is a example of how this demo configures this Popup widget:    
```
I feel like "Let's" is overused

> - **Specify the content**       

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Content**       
```

Reviewer 2: yes

> Define the **Popup** content within the UI component's markup.   

Reviewer: Again, just trying to be a bit more conversational - trying not to sound too technical (use simple words). 

```suggestion
Put any valid markup inside the component. 
```

> - **Set the title**   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Title Bar**   
```

> Use the [showTitle](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle) property to show or hide the **Popup** title. If the **showTitle** value is set to **true**, define the **Popup** title within the [title](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPopup/Configuration/#title) property.         

Reviewer: This paragraphs suffers of too many repeated words. If I list all of them, this is what I get: show, title, property, show, hide, popup, title, show, title, popup, title, title, property.

 Given that property names are self-explanatory and we have a section title, we can only say this:

```suggestion
Set [showTitle](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle) to **true** and use the [title](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPopup/Configuration/#title) property to specify the caption. 
```

Reviewer 2: yes

- **Show and hide the Popup**   

> Use two-way binding to define the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPopup/Configuration/#visible) property and manipulate its value directly. If the **Popup** should be hidden on clicks outside its bounds, enable the [closeOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPopup/Configuration/#closeOnOutsideClick) property.

Reviewer: I would explain the two-way binding in more detail. Then the outside clicks and overlay could be separate paragraphs. 

An obvious question about the overlay is if you can disable or customize it. I'm saying there that it's theme-dependent. That way I don't have to sound negative ("you cannot customize it"). But I'm not sure that this is actually the case :-) 

```suggestion
In this demo, we use two-way binding to define the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPopup/Configuration/#visible) property:

- When you press the Details button to show the window, the code sets the bound variable to true and invokes the popup. 
- As we mentioned above, there are several ways to close the popup - title bar button, ESC key, or outside clicks. In response to these actions, the popup hides itself, updates its visibility  setting and the bound variable.  

To disable outside clicks as a way to close the popup, use the [closeOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPopup/Configuration/#closeOnOutsideClick) property.

When the popup appears, it displays a semi-transparent layer over its container. The layer's appearance is predefined and depends on the currently applied theme. 
```
